1. Program to create a structure of Book, read the values and display the result.
2. Program to enter two points and then calculate the distance between them.
3. Program to enter full name and date of birth of a person & display the same. Use nested structure.
4. Program to read and display the information of all the students in the class. 
5. Program to pass entire structure to a user defined function.
6. Program to find the biggest of three numbers using pointers.
7. Program to add two integers using functions and pointers.
8. Program to enter a character and then determine whether it is a vowel or not using pointers.
9. Program to test whether a number is positive, negative or equal to zero using pointers.
10. Program to find mean of n numbers using arrays.
11. Program to read and display a 3 X 3 matrix.
12. Program to declare pointer as members of structure and display the contents of the structure.
13. Program to pass address of structure variable to user defined function and display the contents.
14. Program to use different bitwise operators between the two integers & display the results.
15. Program to shift inputed data by two bits right/left.
16. Program to print bit pattern of a 16 bit integer.
17. Program to swap the first 8 bits with the last 8 bits in a given unsigned 16 bit integer.
18. Program to find the length of a sting
19. Program to convert characters of a string to other case
20. Program to Concatenate two strings.
21. Program to Compare two Strings
22. Program to read and print a text. Also count the number of characters, words, and lines in the text.
23. Program to copy n characters of a character array from the mth position in another character array using pointers.
24. Program to read a file character by character, & display it simultaneously on the screen.
25. Program to count the number of characters and number of lines in a file.
26. Program to copy one file into another.
27. Program to read the details of a student and then print it on the screen as well as write it into a file.
28. Program to edit the record of a particular student.